README.md, before:

# Camunda 8 Connectors Bundle

[![CI](https://github.com/camunda/connectors-bundle/actions/workflows/CI.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/camunda/connectors-bundle/actions/workflows/CI.yml)

The connectors bundle contains all out of the box connectors for Camunda 8. It's an easy way to try them out in your local setup or in k8s.

The bundle contains the following components

| Component                    | Version | License                                      |
| ---------------------------- |---------| -------------------------------------------- |
| [Job Worker Runtime]         | 0.2.2   | [Apache 2.0]                                 |
| [AWS Lambda Connector]       | 0.3.2   | [Camunda Platform Self-Managed Free Edition] |
| [Google Drive Connector]     | 0.4.0   | [Camunda Platform Self-Managed Free Edition] |
| [HTTP JSON Connector (REST)] | 0.9.0   | [Apache 2.0]                                 |
| [SendGrid Connector]         | 0.11.0  | [Camunda Platform Self-Managed Free Edition] |
| [Slack Connector]            | 0.4.0   | [Camunda Platform Self-Managed Free Edition] |
| [SQS Connector]              | 0.2.0   | [Camunda Platform Self-Managed Free Edition] |

The [`Dockerfile`](./Dockerfile) provides an image including the [job worker runtime]
and all [out-of-the-box Connectors](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/components/integration-framework/connectors/out-of-the-box-connectors/available-connectors-overview/)
provided by Camunda. The image starts the job worker runtime with all `jar`
files provided in the `/opt/app` directory as classpath.

To add more connectors to the image follow the examples in the [Docker Job Worker Runtime Image](https://github.com/camunda/connector-sdk/tree/main/runtime-job-worker#docker-job-worker-runtime-image)
section.

# Secrets

To inject secrets into the docker container during runtime, they have to be
available in the environment of the docker container.

For example, you can inject secrets when running a container:

```bash
docker run --rm --name=connectors -d \
           -v $PWD/connector.jar:/opt/app/ \  # Add a connector jar to the classpath
           -e MY_SECRET=secret \              # Set a secret with value
           -e SECRET_FROM_SHELL \             # Set a secret from the environment
           --env-file secrets.txt \           # Set secrets from a file
           camunda/connectors-bundle:0.1.0
```

The secret `MY_SECRET` value is specified directly in the `docker run` call,
whereas the `SECRET_FROM_SHELL` is injected based on the value in the
current shell environment when `docker run` is executed. The `--env-file`
option allows using a single file with the format `NAME=VALUE` per line
to inject multiple secrets at once.

# Build

```bash
docker build -t camunda/connectors-bundle:${VERSION} .
```

All version can be overwritten as build args, i.e. to use a different runtime version and slack connector version run

```bash
docker build \
         --build-arg RUNTIME_VERSION=0.3.0 \        # Overwrite job worker runtime version
         --build-arg SLACK_VERSION=0.5.0  \         # Overwrite slack connector version
         -t camunda/connectors-bundle:${VERSION} .
```

# License

[Apache 2.0]

The docker image contains connectors licensed under [Camunda Platform Self-Managed Free Edition] license.

[apache 2.0]: https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
[aws lambda connector]: https://github.com/camunda/connector-aws-lambda
[camunda platform self-managed free edition]: https://camunda.com/legal/terms/cloud-terms-and-conditions/camunda-cloud-self-managed-free-edition-terms/
[google drive connector]: https://github.com/camunda/connector-google-drive
[http json connector (rest)]: https://github.com/camunda/connector-http-json
[job worker runtime]: https://github.com/camunda/connector-sdk/tree/main/runtime-job-worker
[sendgrid connector]: https://github.com/camunda/connector-sendgrid
[slack connector]: https://github.com/camunda/connector-slack
[sqs connector]: https://github.com/camunda/connector-sqs

Commit message:

docs: adjust references to Connector runtime

README.md, after:

# Camunda 8 Connectors Bundle

[![CI](https://github.com/camunda/connectors-bundle/actions/workflows/CI.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/camunda/connectors-bundle/actions/workflows/CI.yml)

The connectors bundle contains all out of the box connectors for Camunda 8. It's an easy way to try them out in your local setup or in k8s.

The bundle contains the following components

| Component                    | Version | License                                      |
| ---------------------------- |---------| -------------------------------------------- |
| [Connector Runtime]          | 8.1.3   | [Apache 2.0]                                 |
| [AWS Lambda Connector]       | 0.3.2   | [Camunda Platform Self-Managed Free Edition] |
| [Google Drive Connector]     | 0.4.0   | [Camunda Platform Self-Managed Free Edition] |
| [HTTP JSON Connector (REST)] | 0.9.0   | [Apache 2.0]                                 |
| [SendGrid Connector]         | 0.11.0  | [Camunda Platform Self-Managed Free Edition] |
| [Slack Connector]            | 0.4.0   | [Camunda Platform Self-Managed Free Edition] |
| [SQS Connector]              | 0.2.0   | [Camunda Platform Self-Managed Free Edition] |

The [`Dockerfile`](./Dockerfile) provides an image including the [Connector runtime]
and all [out-of-the-box Connectors](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/components/connectors/out-of-the-box-connectors/available-connectors-overview/)
provided by Camunda. The image starts the Connector runtime with all `jar`
files provided in the `/opt/app` directory as classpath.

To add more connectors to the image follow the examples in the [Docker Connector Runtime Image](https://github.com/camunda-community-hub/spring-zeebe/tree/master/connector-runtime#via-docker)
section.

# Secrets

To inject secrets into the docker container during runtime, they have to be
available in the environment of the docker container.

For example, you can inject secrets when running a container:

```bash
docker run --rm --name=connectors -d \
           -v $PWD/connector.jar:/opt/app/ \  # Add a connector jar to the classpath
           -e MY_SECRET=secret \              # Set a secret with value
           -e SECRET_FROM_SHELL \             # Set a secret from the environment
           --env-file secrets.txt \           # Set secrets from a file
           camunda/connectors-bundle:0.1.0
```

The secret `MY_SECRET` value is specified directly in the `docker run` call,
whereas the `SECRET_FROM_SHELL` is injected based on the value in the
current shell environment when `docker run` is executed. The `--env-file`
option allows using a single file with the format `NAME=VALUE` per line
to inject multiple secrets at once.

# Build

```bash
docker build -t camunda/connectors-bundle:${VERSION} .
```

All version can be overwritten as build args, i.e. to use a different runtime version and slack connector version run

```bash
docker build \
         --build-arg RUNTIME_VERSION=0.3.0 \        # Overwrite job worker runtime version
         --build-arg SLACK_VERSION=0.5.0  \         # Overwrite slack connector version
         -t camunda/connectors-bundle:${VERSION} .
```

# License

[Apache 2.0]

The docker image contains connectors licensed under [Camunda Platform Self-Managed Free Edition] license.

[apache 2.0]: https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
[aws lambda connector]: https://github.com/camunda/connector-aws-lambda
[camunda platform self-managed free edition]: https://camunda.com/legal/terms/cloud-terms-and-conditions/camunda-cloud-self-managed-free-edition-terms/
[google drive connector]: https://github.com/camunda/connector-google-drive
[http json connector (rest)]: https://github.com/camunda/connector-http-json
[connector runtime]: https://github.com/camunda-community-hub/spring-zeebe/tree/master/connector-runtime
[sendgrid connector]: https://github.com/camunda/connector-sendgrid
[slack connector]: https://github.com/camunda/connector-slack
[sqs connector]: https://github.com/camunda/connector-sqs
