connectors/http-json/README.md, before:

# Camunda HTTP JSON Connector

Find the user documentation in our [Camunda Platform 8 Docs](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/components/integration-framework/connectors/out-of-the-box-connectors/rest/).

## Build

```bash
mvn clean package
```

## API

### Input

```json
{
  "method": "post",
  "url": "https://httpbin.org/anything",
  "queryParameters": {
    "q": "test",
    "priority": 12
  },
  "headers": {
    "User-Agent": "http-connector-demo"
  },
  "body": {
    "customer": {
      "id": 1231231,
      "name": "Jane Doe",
      "email": "jane.doe@exampe.com"
    }
  }
}
```

### Output

The response will contain the status code, the headers and the body of the response of the HTTP service.

```json
{
  "body": {
    "args": {
      "priority": "12",
      "q": "test"
    },
    "data": "{\"customer\":{\"id\":1231231.0,\"name\":\"Jane Doe\",\"email\":\"jane.doe@exampe.com\"}}",
    "files": {},
    "form": {},
    "headers": {
      "Accept-Encoding": "gzip",
      "Content-Length": "77",
      "Content-Type": "application/json",
      "Host": "httpbin.org",
      "User-Agent": "http-connector-demo Google-HTTP-Java-Client/1.41.4 (gzip)",
      "X-Amzn-Trace-Id": "Root=1-623105a8-35f88bac0c7f1dcf0d2c8aa2"
    },
    "json": {
      "customer": {
        "email": "jane.doe@exampe.com",
        "id": 1231231.0,
        "name": "Jane Doe"
      }
    },
    "method": "POST",
    "origin": "79.202.43.240",
    "url": "https://httpbin.org/anything?q=test&priority=12"
  },
  "headers": {
    "access-control-allow-credentials": "true",
    "access-control-allow-origin": "*",
    "connection": "keep-alive",
    "content-length": 733,
    "content-type": "application/json",
    "date": "Tue, 15 Mar 2022 21:31:20 GMT",
    "server": "gunicorn/19.9.0"
  },
  "status": 200
}
```

### Input (Basic)

```json
{
  "method": "get",
  "url": "https://httpbin.org/basic-auth/user/password",
  "authentication": {
    "type": "basic",
    "username": "secrets.USERNAME",
    "password": "secrets.PASSWORD"
  }
}
```

### Output (Bearer Token)

```json
{
  "method": "get",
  "url": "https://httpbin.org/bearer",
  "authentication": {
    "type": "bearer",
    "token": "secrets.TOKEN"
  }
}
```

### Input (OAuth 2.0)

```json
{
  "method": "post",
  "url": "https://youroauthclientdomainname.eu.auth0.com/oauth/token",
  "authentication": {
    "oauthTokenEndpoint":"secrets.OAUTH_TOKEN_ENDPOINT_KEY",
    "scopes": "read:clients read:users",
    "audience":"secrets.AUDIENCE_KEY",
    "clientId":"secrets.CLIENT_ID_KEY",
    "clientSecret":"secrets.CLIENT_SECRET_KEY",
    "type": "oauth-client-credentials-flow",
    "clientAuthentication":"secrets.CLIENT_AUTHENTICATION_KEY"
  }
}
```

### Output (Access Token)

```json
{
  "access_token":"eyJhbGciOiJSUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6IlUtN2N6WG1sMzljUFNfUnlQQkNMWCJ9.kjhwfjkhfejkrhfbwjkfbhetcetc",
  "scope":"read:clients create:users",
  "expires_in":86400,
  "token_type":"Bearer"
}
```
### Error codes

The Connector will fail on any non-2XX HTTP status code in the response. This error status code will be passed on as error code, e.g. "404".

## Use proxy-mechanism

You can configure the HTTP JSON Connector to do any outgoing HTTP call via a proxy. This proxy should be effectively also an HTTP JSON Connector
running in a different environment.

For example, you can build the following runtime architecture:

```
   Camunda Process --> HTTP Connector (Proxy-mode) --> HTTP Connector --> Endpoint
 [ Camunda Network, e.g. K8S                      ]  [ Separate network, e.g. Google Function ]
```

Now, any call via the Http Connector will be just forwarded to a specified hardcoded URL. And this proxy does the real call then.
This avoids that you could reach internal endpoints in your Camunda network (e.g. the current Kubernetes cluster).

Just set the following property to enable proxy mode for the connector, e.g. in application.properties when using the Spring-based runtime:

```properties
camunda.connector.http.proxy.url=https://someUrl/
```

You can also set this via environment variables:

```
CAMUNDA_CONNECTOR_HTTP_PROXY_URL=https://someUrl/
```

If the other party requiring OAuth for authentication, you need to set the following environment property:

```shell
GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS=...
```

## Element Template

The element templates can be found in
the [element-templates/http-json-connector.json](element-templates/http-json-connector.json) file.

Commit message:

chore: adjust README of http-json connector

connectors/http-json/README.md, after:

# Camunda HTTP JSON Connector

Find the user documentation in our [Camunda Platform 8 Docs](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/components/integration-framework/connectors/out-of-the-box-connectors/rest/).

## Build

```bash
mvn clean package
```

## API

### Input

```json
{
  "method": "post",
  "url": "https://httpbin.org/anything",
  "queryParameters": {
    "q": "test",
    "priority": 12
  },
  "headers": {
    "User-Agent": "http-connector-demo"
  },
  "body": {
    "customer": {
      "id": 1231231,
      "name": "Jane Doe",
      "email": "jane.doe@exampe.com"
    }
  }
}
```

### Output

The response will contain the status code, the headers and the body of the response of the HTTP service.

```json
{
  "body": {
    "args": {
      "priority": "12",
      "q": "test"
    },
    "data": "{\"customer\":{\"id\":1231231.0,\"name\":\"Jane Doe\",\"email\":\"jane.doe@exampe.com\"}}",
    "files": {},
    "form": {},
    "headers": {
      "Accept-Encoding": "gzip",
      "Content-Length": "77",
      "Content-Type": "application/json",
      "Host": "httpbin.org",
      "User-Agent": "http-connector-demo Google-HTTP-Java-Client/1.41.4 (gzip)",
      "X-Amzn-Trace-Id": "Root=1-623105a8-35f88bac0c7f1dcf0d2c8aa2"
    },
    "json": {
      "customer": {
        "email": "jane.doe@exampe.com",
        "id": 1231231.0,
        "name": "Jane Doe"
      }
    },
    "method": "POST",
    "origin": "79.202.43.240",
    "url": "https://httpbin.org/anything?q=test&priority=12"
  },
  "headers": {
    "access-control-allow-credentials": "true",
    "access-control-allow-origin": "*",
    "connection": "keep-alive",
    "content-length": 733,
    "content-type": "application/json",
    "date": "Tue, 15 Mar 2022 21:31:20 GMT",
    "server": "gunicorn/19.9.0"
  },
  "status": 200
}
```

### Input (Basic)

```json
{
  "method": "get",
  "url": "https://httpbin.org/basic-auth/user/password",
  "authentication": {
    "type": "basic",
    "username": "secrets.USERNAME",
    "password": "secrets.PASSWORD"
  }
}
```

### Output (Bearer Token)

```json
{
  "method": "get",
  "url": "https://httpbin.org/bearer",
  "authentication": {
    "type": "bearer",
    "token": "secrets.TOKEN"
  }
}
```

### Input (OAuth 2.0)

```json
{
  "method": "post",
  "url": "https://youroauthclientdomainname.eu.auth0.com/oauth/token",
  "authentication": {
    "oauthTokenEndpoint":"secrets.OAUTH_TOKEN_ENDPOINT_KEY",
    "scopes": "read:clients read:users",
    "audience":"secrets.AUDIENCE_KEY",
    "clientId":"secrets.CLIENT_ID_KEY",
    "clientSecret":"secrets.CLIENT_SECRET_KEY",
    "type": "oauth-client-credentials-flow",
    "clientAuthentication":"secrets.CLIENT_AUTHENTICATION_KEY"
  }
}
```

### Output (Access Token)

```json
{
  "access_token":"eyJhbGciOiJSUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsImtpZCI6IlUtN2N6WG1sMzljUFNfUnlQQkNMWCJ9.kjhwfjkhfejkrhfbwjkfbhetcetc",
  "scope":"read:clients create:users",
  "expires_in":86400,
  "token_type":"Bearer"
}
```
### Error codes

The Connector will fail on any non-2XX HTTP status code in the response. This error status code will be passed on as error code, e.g. "404".

## Use proxy-mechanism

You can configure the HTTP JSON Connector to do any outgoing HTTP call via a proxy. This proxy should be effectively also an HTTP JSON Connector
running in a different environment.

For example, you can build the following runtime architecture:

```
   Camunda Process --> HTTP Connector (Proxy-mode) --> HTTP Connector --> Endpoint
 [ Camunda Network, e.g. K8S                      ]  [ Separate network, e.g. Google Function ]
```

Now, any call via the Http Connector will be just forwarded to a specified hardcoded URL. And this proxy does the real call then.
This avoids that you could reach internal endpoints in your Camunda network (e.g. the current Kubernetes cluster).

Just set the following property to enable proxy mode for the connector, e.g. in application.properties when using the Spring-based runtime:

```properties
camunda.connector.http.proxy.url=https://someUrl/
```

You can also set this via environment variables:

```
CAMUNDA_CONNECTOR_HTTP_PROXY_URL=https://someUrl/
```

If the other party requiring OAuth for authentication, you need to set the following environment property:

```shell
GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS=...
```

### :lock: Test the Connector locally with Google Cloud Function as a proxy

Run the [:lock:connector-proxy-saas](https://github.com/camunda/connector-proxy-saas) project locally as described in its [:lock:README](https://github.com/camunda/connector-proxy-saas#usage).

Set the specific property or environment variable to enable proxy mode as described above.

## Element Template

The element templates can be found in
the [element-templates/http-json-connector.json](element-templates/http-json-connector.json) file.
